Is somewhat not a frequently used feature inside of javascript is the constructor function which allows
you to create functions on the fly essentially.
And we talked about this previously but whenever you use iOS 6 the functionality of the constructor
function is actually extended and that is the constructor for the function object specifically.
Now kind of confusing but either way for example we could make a new variable and then for that variable
will define a new function.
And then all we do is for the parameters we define we just define whatever we want the parameters to
be.
And then as the final argument that will pass in it's going to essentially be whatever the body of the
function is.
So in this case the first parameter will be first the second parameter will be second and the final
parameter will just be whatever we want to return.
So in this case that will be the function body return first plus second like so.
Now obviously we've got to go down here and just do a good old fashioned concept of log and then will
pass in two and four.
And it works like a charm.
You can see now we can also define default parameters for our constructor function for the arguments
we pass into it.
So I can define first like so and now if I just omit the second argument you can see it adds together
for and you can also use rest arguments.
So in this case I might just delete this right here and then after that what I'll do is I'll do a rest
parameter like so add a comma and then I'll just return whatever the first one is whatever the first
item in the array is.
And then if I do that you will see that whenever I do pass in an argument it will just print out whatever
the particular argument was so in this case it prints out one and I could honestly pass in an infinite
number of these things.
In this case you can see it only prints out the first one.
But if I wanted to I could pass and the entire array and it would print out everything that I passed
in so far.